Bi Weekly Sync

Matthew Dailey edited this page Nov 15, 2016 · 45 revisions

We hold 2 meetings a week during which we cover a set of consistent questions. We ask a consistent set of questions to make sure we stay aligned with our over arching goals.

We ask these questions in active form to force ourselves to take responsibility. The answers should include an explanation.

We meet Monday and Thursday at 3:00 PM.

Questions we answer every time:

Stats:

  • Meeting time:
  • All app users:
  • Signed in users:
  • Sellers: -
  • Buyers: -
  • Incubators applied to (cumulative):
  • Incubator interviews (cumulative):

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

What did we miss and why?

What did we learn? (Anything)

Additional Items:

What will we do before next meeting?


11/13/16

Stats:

  • Meeting time: Start - 9:23
  • All app users: 75
  • Signed in users: 34
  • Sellers: - <10
  • Buyers: - <10
  • Incubators applied to (cumulative): 19
  • Incubator interviews (cumulative): 1
  • Incubarot accepted: 1

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

  • 1/10

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • applied to 4 accelorators
  • bank reporting done
  • template craigslist
  • powerpoint update
  • started new medium post
  • cut release v1.4, in review. image upload issue was a big time sync
  • met a dude who works at task rabbit on RN, inviting to next hackathon
  • started work on android version

What did we miss and why?

  • dynamic links in existing medium posts
  • didn't talk to any dev candidates
  • didn't talk to any dev marketers

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • accepted fo fiddy k
  • accelorators sometimes want pitch deck
  • the RN community is pretty decent

Additional Items:

N/A

What will we do before next meeting?

  • Decide about Burmingham individually (number 1 priority) (business + personal side of it)

11/9/16

Stats:

  • Meeting time: ~45min
  • All app users: 72
  • Signed in users: 33
  • Sellers: -
  • Buyers: -
  • Incubators applied to (cumulative): 15
  • Incubator interviews (cumulative): 1

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

  • 3 / 10

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • All but 5 tickets left for v1.4
    • minor issues
    • feedback from app
    • seller profile
  • cleared list of angel list applicants
  • applied to 10 more accelorators
  • talked to corey (growth dude). really helpful, long converstaion. he's not coming on board but was helpful and will remain in touch.

What did we miss and why?

  • Still a few v1.4 tickets left, as planned but not quite done.
  • no growth stuff, need to spend more time there.
  • no out bound recruiting

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • Good conversation with Corey about growth tactics.
  • Still holes in RN libraries (eg done button)

Additional Items:

  • N/A

What will we do before next meeting?

  • Accounting stuff
  • 5 more accelorators
  • update prior medium with tackable links
  • finish up v1.4 and be ready for app store review for monday.

11/6/2016

Stats:

  • Meeting time: ~45min
  • All app users: 68
  • Signed in users: 30
  • Sellers: <10
  • Buyers: <10
  • Incubators applied to (cumulative): 5
  • Incubator interviews: 1

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers? 3 / 10

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • hackathon -> redesign of bulletin board
  • interview with dev candidate
  • #88 improve purchase scene
  • jordan at bachelor party

What did we miss and why?

  • didn't get as much done at hackathon cus of too much talking and heather leaving early
  • web version didn't happen because of focus on android

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • hackathon is more effective if we're both there.
  • heather was quite helpful.

Additional Items:

  • Recap of hackathon + demo new notification board for Jordan
  • Finish triage for v1.4
  • Let's add growth features to the backlog.

What will we do before next meeting?

  • clear ticket queue for v1.4, goal of shipping on friday
  • meeting wednesday with Corey
  • apply to 10
  • handle all incoming angellist to set up meeting or ignore.

11/3/2016

Stats:

  • Meeting duration: N/A jordan OOTO
  • All app users: 62
  • Signed in users: 27
  • Sellers: <10
  • Buyers: <10

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

2/10 Hand-to-hand, talked to some people but didn't convince them to sell, just download.

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • We now use Firebase Storage for images (with full back-compat for old images). This makes things faster, simpler and cheaper.
  • Improve the performance of local listings. it should be much snappier and will properly only load visible items.
  • OnDeck: met Corey the marketer and some other folks. Brainstormed ideas for marketing, mostly suggested hand-to-hand / direct automated reach eg fb bot or tool.
  • Chatted with Michael Parlato (dev candidate). See Hiring notes on drive.
  • App on app store!! 💪💪

What did we miss and why?

  • Could have spent more time schmoozing at OnDeck. Was not nearly as good as the last one. Maybe i should have a beer before hand like i did last time and I'd like it more.
  • Matt's pitch still needs honing. At OnDeck I stumbled a bit on the right order of the pitch and when to enter a demo.

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • We should develop a clean pitch + demo playbook. It's painful flailing and we should build some structure to make it easier.

Additional Items:

N/A

What will we do before next meeting?

  • Initial triage pass of tickets for next release.
  • Simple web detail view now that our listings' images can be accessed from an http endpoint.
  • hackathon
    • send friendly reminder texts to folks on saturday
    • iterate on items below with heather

10/31/2016

Stats:

  • Meeting duration: ~ 1hr
  • Num installed beta users signed up: 25

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

  • 2 / 10,

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • Added blocking a user
  • Allowed reporting inapproriate listing
  • did regression pass on 1.3 (next release to to try to get to apple review)
  • got 40 accelorators to look (goal was 50 but 40 is great!)
  • got 6 marketers found by jordan (but 2 devs and 2 marketers reached out to us)
  • published medium article
  • posted job posting for designer
  • chatted with heather (tons of good feedback, suggestions bout how to do fonts)

What did we miss and why?

  • Didn't get any developers to try to recruit
  • improve performance of local listings if there are a lot of listings (focussed on banning and blocking users)
  • Didn't quite make our goal with accelorators but got a bunch so its cool
  • didn't send mom video of beard

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • Lots from heather about UX/UI we weren't paying attention to. Would be a ton a of good stuff for next release.
  • think we need a designer rather than a marketer, someone maybe who can make design stuff.

Additional Items:

  • handed over checks
  • Goal for heather for hackathon
    • Typography
    • Color palette
    • Sign in
    • iterate on bulletin board
    • wire frame for intro walk thru
    • chats

What will we do before next meeting?

  • apply to accelorators 5-10 (jordan busy)
  • look over possible candidates
  • add 5 more developer contacts from angellist
  • peruse designers on angellist
  • respond to feedback from next apple review
  • improve performance if there are a lot of local listings

10/27/16

Stats:

  • Num installed beta users signed up: 24

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

  • 2/10

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • wrote medium post, millenial life / quiting your job (A/B testing how to reference selbi)
  • put app on app store for review. it got rejected because of
  • wiki about hiring docs, understanding legal implications of contractors
  • 2-3 IG posts, decent likes
  • Set up angellist, crunchbase, linkedin + job posts
  • planning hackathon for 11/5 with possible second 11/12, need to send invite
  • Selbi app unit on in CI
  • Improved EditListingScene performance and cleaned up some cruft.
  • wrote up about hiring engineers

What did we miss and why?

  • Didn't get the app accepted by app store
  • Beta site is down, missed signups from Yoffa, Court's coworker

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • Photoshop
  • Learned appstore doesn't like immediate updates to app.
  • Learned a little about RN unit testing.

Additional Items:

  • YC rejection. Let's revisit and crystalize our thoughts about funding.
  • Discuss plan to try go get heather. We'd like to give her some space to think, possibly intro walk thru.

What will we do before next meeting?

  • get list of people (5 engineers and 5 growth people) from angellist to immediately message once app is ready (matt & jordan)
  • send invite for hackathon 11/5 + possible 11/12(matt)
  • Build list of 50 incubators to apply to. (matt & jordan) Add to this sheet
  • upload new version of app to app store for review (matt)
  • performance improvements for local listings (matt)
  • finish up 83b stuff (jordan + matt)

10/24/16

Stats:

  • Num beta users: 48
  • Num installed beta users signed up: 23

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

  • 5 / 10, talking to people but meh not doing much growth. Mostly feedback

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • Reports reconciling expenses and stripe reporting in Xero
  • Posted legal medium post got 1300 views thanks to flipboard
  • looked into hiring in CA
  • finished clerky setup, ready for matt to sign
  • cleared out tickets, built 1.1.3-38 for first release
  • workspace isolation changes so we can isolated dev environments
  • deploy tools for all services
  • talked to Heather about design stuff, she's in.
  • sent out suggested date for Hackathon 11/5

What did we miss and why?

  • Selbi app native code can't be deployed, needs better cert
  • Selbi app isn't integrated into CI pipeline

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • Flipboard post drove hella traffic (1300 viewers of the article). we should learn how to post to flipboard

Additional Items:

  • One of the main goals of this meeting is to open a discussion on an equity hiring process. A few example topics for discussion include: 1.) Positions to hire for 2.) Amount of Equity to give 3.) Contract vs non Contract Employees 4.) Legal aspects including Paperwork 5.) Tax ramifications 6.) Hiring avenues

What will we do before next meeting?

  • sign, print stock option paperwork (matt)
  • Document hiring strategy for engineers (matt)
  • intro heather to jordan via email (matt)
  • Set up linkedin / angellist / crunchbase for Selbi (jordan)
  • submit version 1.1.3-38 for review (jordan)
  • get Selbi app unit tests into CI (running tests on CircleCi and deploying via codepush) (matt)
  • follow up on hackathon (matt)
  • 2-3 IG posts (jordan)
  • one more medium post (jordan)
  • standardize legal paperwork (jordan)
  • do firebase isolated workspace set up (jordan)

10/20/16

Stats:

  • Num beta users: 48
  • Num installed beta users signed up: 19

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

  • 7.5 / 10. Talking to lots of people, follow up email. Actually releasing the beta.

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • Released beta, got first set of users and feedback. (largest chunk of time)
  • First sale, found payment bug and fixed it.
  • Fixed adding phone numbers phone parsing bug.
  • Published medium post about release process.
  • State of Delaware, said look in the mail. Ready to do clerky paperwork.
  • Medium post about legal how we use clerky.
  • started working on isolated development environments
  • went lunch and learn at WeWork from Branch about deeplinking.
  • submitted techstarts application.

What did we miss and why?

  • Didn't finish isolated environments. Its a little harder cus it touches pretty much everything.
  • Slightly missed goal of 50 for beta release. Not a big deal cus we were super close.
  • IG posts that could have done.

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • deeplinks and branch product
  • feedback from our product
  • direct contact with people is better than the survey (at least for our small sample size of 2)

Additional Items:

  • Triage prior to full release
  • Get Jordan's workspace working

What will we do before next meeting?

  • capture more feedback from beta users, handing out questionaire
  • lock down hackathon date
  • ping Heather about design sprint
  • burn down 1.1.3 tickets.
  • wrap up isolated workspace changes.
  • finalize clerky
  • finalize legal medium
  • Xero / Stripe accounting updates
  • IG posts (maybe of listings)
  • Jordan investigate code, look into https://github.com/MatthewDailey/selbi-v2/issues/67

10/13/16

Stats

  • Num beta users: 28

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

3/10 Been focussing on product and not talking to people. Jordan traveling

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • Medium article mostly done
  • Jordan's travel and family
  • user tracking spreadsheets (on jordan's machine)
  • more IG posts queued up
  • facebook sign in
  • add friends from contact book
  • minor fixes
  • app to tech starts

What did we miss and why?

  • didn't quite finish analytics
  • chat ui blocked on jordan's workspace not working, need to fix getting started guide

What will we do before next meeting?

  • Matt

  • fill out app to tech stars

  • video of app demo

  • make sure all notifications are sent

  • finish analytics

  • Do QA / cut release

  • investigate breadth of phone number formats on iphone

  • Jordan

  • a few more posts

  • finish medium article

  • set up twitter

  • app store ads

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • matt is instagram model
  • jordan is hash tag pro
  • learned about react native xcode envi
  • learned about medium, IG
  • facebook api, react natives

10/10/16

Stats

  • Num beta testers: 25

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

Feels good, lotsa social media.

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • Found out about Booku, company which does similar marketplace for books on campus.
  • Got more test users (calling and engaging people)
  • intsagram page, facebook business page up and running.
  • questionnaire for test user
  • migrated react-native 0.34 (gave us badges)
  • google maps in the bank flow (first pass, not pretty)
  • legal docs
  • handle denial of permissions for photo, camera and location

What did we miss and why?

  • facebook login and sms friending. mainly from RN upgrade + notification confusing with develop (notifications not showing up on develop.
  • QA girl, shes at ACL
  • Still waiting on Delaware office of secretary of state

What will we do before next meeting?

  • Jordan (out wednesday to monday)

  • chat image ui

  • meet with designer

  • social media posts

  • medium article

  • set up spreadsheet to track test users

  • 5 more test users

  • Matt

  • get ride of first bank flow scene, stripe logo in bank and cc flow

  • figure out notification bug + weird build issue

  • stripe to last 4 of SSN instead of full thing.

  • sign in with fb

  • analytics / crash reporting

  • phone number auto friend (verification at the end with twilleo) (stretch)

  • fb auto friends (stretch)

  • QA everything a bunch (stripe actually set bank account etc)

Things we'll postponse

  • notifications since you can take all actions from bulletin board
  • method to update CC or bank account info
  • profile pic
  • update username
  • changing the milage of local search
  • chat ui
  • followers / following ui
  • custom ui to phone size
  • stripe balance info
  • friend store front
  • web front for listings

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • more about instagram, marketing, social media account managment.
  • ios10 and xcode are a pain in the ass.
  • permissions are synchronous but api is async had interesting thoughts about.

10/6/16

Stats

  • Num beta testers: 6

Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

No (still not super relevant). Collecting beta users. Sent a couple people the sign up link.

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • Sent out the beta sign up link to 5 (we were deliberately holding back)
  • Bulletin Board (new friend, friend posts, need bank, new message)
  • ios10 permissions for camera and photos
  • set up Google for with beta questions + follow up email.
  • talked to Erlibird CEO, turns out to be too expensive
  • Jordan learning react native
  • First draft Pre-Launch checklist
  • React Native style refactoring & percentage.
  • Mission statement

What did we miss and why?

  • Clerky (we're blocked on them)

What will we do before next meeting?

  • Designer friend coming next time. Goal is to get feedback on (1) bank flow, (2) details page and (3) what can a designer do for us (what should we pay for).

  • Matt

  • Accept user agreement & privacy at sign-in ( + settings page )

  • bulletin for when your item is purchased.

  • update end screen for bank flow to include accepting stripe + telling them we take 15%

  • use google maps for address in bank flow

  • Properly handle permissions denial.

  • facebook login + friends (stretch)

  • SMS friends (stretch)

  • research how people handle multiple scales

  • Jordan

  • Send out link to lots of people then send engagement (goal 25 by monday)

  • engage QA girl (will be beta tester)

  • Post to media (at least one for each account)

  • Set up facebook business page

  • clean chat pull

  • research how people handle multiple scales

What did we learn? (Anything)

  • Matt wants to just put stuff out there, even rough. Jordan wants it to be well designed. We need to learn from each other and meet at a perfect medium.
  • We don't know enough about how to handle styles.
  • react (but also not)
  • merging styles

10/3/16

  • Have we done our best to acquire more sellers?

Jordan 5 - Adwords, no product yet. Matts 5 - Deeplinks, same

What did we accomplish since last meeting?

  • Adwords + Google Tag Manager
  • Prelaunch research -> should not be marketing, should focus on making sure the product was the right product
  • Erlibird.com, betalist -> source of amazing feedback, Jordan has a call 10/3
  • Learned lets not spend money on ads until we have a product, try free stuff like medium.
  • 22 friends in a list.
  • Jordan ramping on chat ui react native code
  • Deeplinks to listing and friends

What did we miss and why?

  • Email, Mission statement. just doing other stuff

What will we do before next meeting?

  • Matt: Engagement Banner. Suggestions to implement:

  • Should add bank account if listing.

  • New follower.

  • Listing from friend.

  • Open messages. (stretch)

  • Jordan

  • 1.) Look in to fastlane/boarding for Test User Emails for easy signup

  • 2.) Template to send follow up so we can get info on user experience and keep users engaged (Emails potentially)

  • 3.) Pre-Launch checklist

  • 4.) Continue learning React Native

  • 5.) ErliBird phone call Tuesday and look in to Betalist.com for paid beta testers and feedback

  • 6.) Finish Chat Views(?)

  • 7.) Clerky legal documents

  • 8.) Talk to brother about Techstars

What did we learn?

  • simulator doesn't handle deeplinks, lots about marketing (pay for beta users), idea is solid facebook doing it, these questions added good structure to our discussions.
You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.